# # IntegrationStateV2

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**customerProfile** | [**\TalonOne\Client\Model\CustomerProfile**](CustomerProfile.md) | The customer profile associated with the event. | [optional]
**loyalty** | [**\TalonOne\Client\Model\Loyalty**](Loyalty.md) | The loyalty program status of the customer. | [optional]
**triggeredCampaigns** | [**\TalonOne\Client\Model\Campaign[]**](Campaign.md) | The campaigns that were triggered as a result of processing the event. | [optional]
**effects** | [**\TalonOne\Client\Model\Effect[]**](Effect.md) | The effects generated by the rules in your running campaigns. See [API effects](https://docs.talon.one/docs/dev/integration-api/api-effects). |
**ruleFailureReasons** | [**\TalonOne\Client\Model\RuleFailureReason[]**](RuleFailureReason.md) | The reasons why certain rules were not triggered during the event processing. | [optional]
**createdCoupons** | [**\TalonOne\Client\Model\Coupon[]**](Coupon.md) | The coupons that were created during the event processing. |
**createdReferrals** | [**\TalonOne\Client\Model\Referral[]**](Referral.md) | The referrals that were created during the event processing. |
**awardedGiveaways** | [**\TalonOne\Client\Model\Giveaway[]**](Giveaway.md) | The giveaways that were awarded during the event processing. | [optional]
**referral** | [**\TalonOne\Client\Model\InventoryReferral**](InventoryReferral.md) | The referral that was processed. | [optional]
**coupons** | [**\TalonOne\Client\Model\IntegrationCoupon[]**](IntegrationCoupon.md) | The coupons that were processed. | [optional]
**event** | [**\TalonOne\Client\Model\Event**](Event.md) | The event that was processed. | [optional]
**advancedEvent** | [**\TalonOne\Client\Model\EventV3**](EventV3.md) | The advanced event that was processed. | [optional]
**customerSession** | [**\TalonOne\Client\Model\CustomerSessionV2**](CustomerSessionV2.md) | The session that was processed. | [optional]
**return** | [**\TalonOne\Client\Model\ModelReturn**](ModelReturn.md) | The return that was processed. | [optional]
**previousReturns** | [**\TalonOne\Client\Model\ModelReturn[]**](ModelReturn.md) | The previous returns associated with the event. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
